Redux selectors (#95)
giantswarm/fmt: javascript/general_style_guide.md

This option will reset `cluster.nodePools` to an empty array in the store. This is the array that contain node pools IDs for a given cluster. We just do this the first time we fetch details for a cluster.

### Selectors

> We access store from components using `mapStateToProps` (or `useSelector` hook alternatively), or selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We access the store from components using `mapStateToProps`, a `useSelector` hook, or selectors.
```

Does that make sense?

Reviewer: Actually, `selectors` would still be used in the mapStateToProps function right?

So it would be more like:

We can access the store from our components by using `mapStateToProps` or a `useSelector` hook.
In mapStateToProps we prefer that you use a `selector` function.

Author: Yes, you are right, let me rewrite this please
